# OneComme OSC Router - Tests\n\nThis directory contains test scripts to verify the functionality of the OneComme OSC Router plugin.\n\n## Available Tests\n\n### test-config-persistence.js\nTests the configuration persistence system to ensure all user settings are properly saved and loaded.\n\n**What it tests:**\n- Configuration file creation and loading\n- Settings updates and validation\n- Automatic backup creation\n- UI preferences simulation\n- Export functionality\n\n**Usage:**\n```bash\nnode tests/test-config-persistence.js\n```\n\n### test-osc-reliability.js\nComprehensive OSC message delivery testing to verify the reliability of the OSC communication pipeline.\n\n**What it tests:**\n- OSC client creation and message sending\n- Different message types and formats\n- Large message handling\n- Unicode content support\n- Error handling and recovery\n- Concurrent message sending\n\n**Usage:**\n```bash\nnode tests/test-osc-reliability.js\n```\n\n### osc-monitor.js\nReal-time OSC message monitor for debugging and verification purposes.\n\n**What it does:**\n- Creates an OSC server to receive and display messages\n- Shows detailed message information including timestamps\n- Tracks message statistics and patterns\n- Exports logs for analysis\n- Provides diagnostic information\n\n**Usage:**\n```bash\nnode tests/osc-monitor.js\n```\n\nPress Ctrl+C to stop monitoring and see final statistics.\n\n## Running All Tests\n\nTo run all tests in sequence:\n\n```bash\n# Test configuration system\nnode tests/test-config-persistence.js\n\n# Test OSC reliability\nnode tests/test-osc-reliability.js\n\n# For live monitoring (run separately)\nnode tests/osc-monitor.js\n```\n\n## Test Results\n\nAll tests should pass with:\n- Configuration persistence: 100% success rate\n- OSC reliability: 100% message delivery\n- Monitor: Real-time message display\n\nIf any tests fail, check:\n1. Node.js version (16.0.0 or higher required)\n2. Network permissions (UDP traffic)\n3. File system permissions in plugin directory\n4. Port availability (19100, 19101)\n\n## Integration with OneComme\n\nThese tests can be run independently of OneComme to verify the core functionality. For full integration testing:\n\n1. Start OneComme with the OSC Router plugin\n2. Run `osc-monitor.js` to watch for real messages\n3. Generate chat messages in your streaming platform\n4. Verify messages appear in the monitor\n\nThis helps diagnose whether issues are in the plugin or the receiving application."